Champion
The champion dares to give wheat and rice to the victims
You are still not human
Then don't get excited
His Majesty must have his reasons for doing this
reason
He treats the victims as animals
What's his point?
You and your father are brainless
You know how to kill all day long
That's better than you, stupid king
Haojun
I am a fool
Then tell me what to do
Naturally, it is to open a warehouse to release grain, and the victims of the political achievements are affected.
Can the people eat enough by opening the warehouse and putting grain?
Of course!
Opening a warehouse to put grain will only kill more people
How is that possible?
If you open the warehouse to put grain
Local officials will be successful
Businessperson is greedy
How dare they covet the food of the disaster victims
As soon as there is a proper profit, people become emboldened
There is a profit
They are like the secret room faction
There are three times the profit
They can brave the food of brain loss
Then nobody will report them?
Report? Who's going to report?
It's their people from the bottom up
Even if someone wanted to report, they would have already been silenced by them
But even if it is greed
They don't dare to be greedy
No matter how clear it is, you can still eat.
People can eat
They can eat enough for one meal, one bowl of rice soup.
They can't get enough to eat.
They will pay high prices to buy food from officials
So they will take the opportunity to bid up prices
Yes
What should I do if I run out of money?
What should I do if the land is sold out?
The corrupt official forced his mother to sell her children
These people deserve a thousand cuts
Your Majesty, hurry up and send someone to arrest them!